## Overview

OneSenseUs is a consensus-based collaboration tool that relies on crowdsourcing ideas and reactions to the ideas of others to develop projects that enjoy hierarchical majority support in all its dimensions.  Contributions by users are centered upon a particular topic, say gun control legislation.  The goal of the tool in this case would be to create a workable framework for legislation that would enjoy the broadest basis of support among users.  This is a prototype website implementation written in python/django.  

Users have the ability to influence both the scope and content of the "product" that is produced.  In the gun control legislation, for example, this would allow individuals who broadly or specifically oppose gun control measures to have their opinions counted.  Users may make three type of hierarchically-related contributions: facets, specifics, and generals.  A facet is a single, tangible, and explicit idea or item.  In the gun control example, it might be something like "Nationwide ban on bump stocks."  A specific is a bundle of facets that serve a common and coherent purpose.  For instance, a specific could be "Restrict dangerous firearm accessories" and could comprise "Bump stock ban" and "Magazine size limit".  Finally, a general is a bundle of specifics which would comprise all of the objectives of the overall project.  This would allow users to propose, consider, and rank different combinations of ideas and thereby expand or limit the scope of the overall project.  


In addition to allowing users to contribute and organize ideas using this framework, users also have the ability to up/down vote different generals a la reddit based on whether they would support the enactment of the general relative to some status quo.  With a broad and representative userbase, this would allow users to collectively assemble their ideas and allow the marketplace of ideas (in the sense of Oliver Wendell Holmes and others) to determine the best. 
